Adds live migration procedures for sdn to ovnk (#76672)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-network-plugin-migration-process.adoc

endif::[]

[id="how-the-migration-process-works_{context}"]
= How the offline migration process works

The following table summarizes the migration process by segmenting between the user-initiated steps in the process and the actions that the migration performs in response.

> .Migrating to {sdn} from {previous-sdn} (offline)

Reviewer: Should we use `Offline migration` instead?

--
* Destroys the {previous-sdn} control plane pods.
* Deploys the {sdn} control plane pods.

> * Updates the Multus DaemonSets and config map objects to reflect the new network plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updates the Multus daemon sets and config map objects to reflect the new network plugin.
```
